# Introduction
Newbie’s Kitchen is a creative endeavor to unfold the fun of cooking. By this game, you’ll learn how to make the most Chinese-featured dish: scrambled eggs with tomato. 


Each player, regardless of culinary experience, can easily pick up the cooking procedures, including cutting vegetables, beating and frying eggs, and stir-frying all ingredients, with much enjoyment.

# Tools:
3D modeling:Blender
2D Design: Adobe Photoshop、Illustrator
Role Animation Production:Mixamo
Unity engine features applied: Cinemachine, Timeline, Post-processing
Assets applied: Mesh Slicer Free，PyroParticles，Skybox.
Special Technologies:
1.Alembic animations

We found a way to not only achieve a good effect in fluid simulation ,but also reduce consumption. We use Blender to make realistic alembic animations and use Alembic for Unity to import them in Unity.

 


2.Using excel to import dishes

 
We converted Excels to JSON files, and deserialize JSON files as entity calsses  to improve the efficiency of manufacture.



Download:https://drive.google.com/open?id=1xD83Iyyz4tlrKLw_Hp2D4PUUxL3McZih

# Development log

## November 17th,2018

 
We completed the base game scene construction.



## December 3rd ,2018

 
We added the character in the game.



## December 6th,2018

 
We added basic animations for this main character.



## December 18th,2018

 
We added a basic stir-frying system.



## December 25th,2018

 
We added a materials selection system.



## January 9th,2019

 
We added a liquid system.



## January 21st,2019

 
We added the main menu scene and BGMs.



## January 24th,2019

 
We added the vegetable cutting system.




## January 27th,2019

 
We added the egg beating system.